Documentation for developers to understand continuous build integration (#990)
OpenLiberty/liberty-tools-intellij: DEVELOPING.md

For more information, see the [LSP console user guide](https://github.com/redhat-developer/lsp4ij/blob/main/docs/UserGuide.md#lsp-console)

### Continuous Integration of LSP4IJ

> For details on the Continuous Integration (CI) setup for LSP4IJ integration, refer to the [LSP4IJ Continuous Integration user guide.](docs/LSP4IJ-Continuous-Integration.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on the Continuous Integration (CI) setup for LSP4IJ integration, refer to the [LSP4IJ Continuous Integration documentation.](docs/LSP4IJ-Continuous-Integration.md) 
```
